hey here's where we're gonna here's
where we're talking
hey my good buddy my uber good buddy
uber with the capital u my uber good
buddy james aspie and i are working on a
project
he may be here for a couple of weeks and
we're gonna chill and
shop shop talk we're working with a
green energy company
started by shell backed by tesla and
warren buffett
its green energy meets vegan compassion
what did james aspie do with the
donations what donations am i even
talking about
the other day i put up a post selling my
van i said guys i'm selling my van i
urgently need
money i said if you've ever thought
about donating to me
now would be the time yo what's cracking
everybody hey it's dawn so i'm here with
my homie randy yeah whatever we go yo
so randy is the chart man i have no idea
what all this stuff means but randy's
very good at this
if anyone um watched my video yesterday
and decided to
buy into ewt they would have made twenty
percent of the more in their investment
which is gonna be a thing of the past
there's going to be a long time
to look back and people are going to be
like i can't believe i got it at ten
dollars yeah i'm just telling you
i mean thing no this isn't financial
advice it's not financial advice but
yeah and uh and honestly yes for sure
there's gonna be some business stuff but
realistically we need like
a [ __ ] five-minute video it'd be cool
to take some pictures
and like i said just because we're not
stressed about money in any way shape or
form whatsoever just come hang out with
us let's go [ __ ]
i flew to panama at the request of randy
at the very
aggressive convincing request of this
guy randy that i had never met before
it's basically
very enthusiastically asked to come
film a bigger than big abundant
huge big awesome project where
everyone's going to get rich by the end
of february
and told if you hang with our core group
you're never going to have to worry
about
money again from now until the end of
time so
i'm a struggling vegan filmmaker
in puerto rico working on a documentary
about puerto rican poets
my life is kind of going along and i
wasn't really
wanting to pick up and and
take on a new project but the project
i'm working on wasn't paying very well
and i'm getting low on money so i was
like okay you know
tell me about the project randy like
should i go do i want to be working for
this couple
i'm just kind of going into it like cool
okay it's going to be a
trip to to panama i've never been there
before
i'll get to like hang out with an
activist and his wife
and i'm sure she's really cool randy
didn't seem all that bad
although i didn't ever go to his
facebook and look at actual
posts and pictures other than a quick
like scan i
don't like to go to people's facebook
page and if they and look at like
the things they post and make a judgment
on who i think they
are because i understand for my own self
i don't want people doing that to me
so i'm gonna take you back to the
beginning because i you know there's a
lot
going on in this story and i don't want
to leave out any of the nuances
like the fact that i'm here hired for
this
job because i'm a cute girl that randy
had a crush on
okay i mean it's just like and if he's
going to be tooling around
panama with his man crush james and his
wife
he needs a prop to not just be a third
wheel
and then he starts like kind of sharing
too much
um then we're just talking
he says everyone went to bed and i have
a crazy sex drive going to waste
this got a little bit like creepy and
i'm like part of these creepy messages
i'm kind of like flirting with him right
now and then i said and then
he had revealed to me around this time
that he was getting back in his ex or
something and i was like i don't chat
with guys with girlfriends but once
that's worked out in your life let me
know
and then we just lose touch
six months later so december 20th this
is six months later
he says hey maggie so the other day i
had a massive blowout i was off to the
airport i reached out
she and the fact is she flew to another
country and i
and started a life and we got kittens
and then december
22nd he says well crazy [ __ ] blocked
you but she is gone
so apparently like i got blocked by the
girlfriend two days later
he's back again and then again on
january 18th hey
here's where we're gonna here's where
we're talking hey
my good buddy my uber good buddy uber
with the capital u
my uber good buddy james aspie and i are
working on a project
he may be here for a couple of weeks and
we're gonna chill and
shop shop talk we're working with a
green energy company
started by shell backed by tesla and
warren buffett
it's green energy meets vegan compassion
oh green energy meets vegan compassion
it sounds really good
it's huge with like 10 e's
i'm his fund manager and we're killing
it it's pretty badass
i'm into this at this point some of you
guys are probably
rolling your eyes at me and like
why is she kind of excited about this
but like i don't know anything that's
going on with the aspies i don't even
know
anything about randy i knew the
weirdness with his girlfriend but like
now he's talking now he's like providing
something oh we're gonna do a video job
with james aspie
like he's like semi-famous in vegan
circles and it's green energy it sounded
like progressive and new
and then i said like what you want me to
do and then he starts talking about this
vegan
prince billionaire we have a meeting to
line up a beautiful partnership
james turned him vegan and we talked
green energy james had him frothing at
the mouth to help
let's just stand putting faith in the
cosmos for divine
time planning divine path in helping
change the world
and if you all if you like it here don't
rush back i'm walking in a bounce in my
step
so much abundance ah this is an
interesting one
are you ready for this he sends me a
screenshot
229 250 u.s
dollars at 9.84 ewt
okay he says good buffer to start with
lol
plus plus plus your vid
my video may double that
alone ah
okay so now we know that the
mission is to make a video that goes out
to james followers
about energy web get them to buy in get
that number to go
hiking up and then once you go up you
can diversify
unless like volatile up and down
tokens or you can cash out